Project Proposal for Free RV Parking Finder App

What goal will your website be designed to achieve?

The website is designed to improve quality of life for RV users by allowing users to share information about free RV parking spots where they travel.


What kind of users will visit your site? In other words, what is the demographic of your users?

The website is specifically designed to serve RV users. There are no limitations on who could use this website in terms of demographics. However, considering the demographics of RV owners, the app is more likely to be used by adults than children.


What data do you plan on using? You may have not picked your actual API yet, which is fine, just outline what kind of data you would like it to contain. 

The website will be designed to create posts about free RV parking locations. In order to give other users more accurate results, I am considering using a geolocation API (Google’s geolocator is a good option). I am also planning to implement a map feature with a search bar (just like in many websites which runs on location information such as Airbnb, Zillow etc.) to allow users to search for free parking spots based on location entered.


In brief, outline your approach to creating your project (knowing that you may not know everything in advance and that these details might change later). Answer questions like the ones below, but feel free to add more information:


What does your database schema look like?

What kinds of issues might you run into with your API? 

Some of the possible issues with the API can be connectivity issues and implementation of map features in the website.

Is there any sensitive information you need to secure? 

There is no sensitive data other than password for the site and user email.

What functionality will your app include? 

The app will allow users to post, and upload pictures and location information with a post. Users can also search for other posts showing the free RV parking spots through a search bar. They can type in a location to look for posts including that location.

What will the user flow look like? 

Users will first sign up by entering some user information and setting up a username and a password. Then users will have access to website features as long as they are logged in. Each user will have a profile page. Users can post free rv parking spots. Users can also search for locations to retrieve posts tagged with the searched location. Users can also like posts. Users can edit their profile and see the liked posts. Users can log out once they are done.
